welcome friends to everyday Indian
cooking today's recipe is chole masala a
very poor
in northern part of India to make
punjabi chole you need 1/2 cup of
chickpeas or Cubberley chana soaked
overnight and I have boiled it in a
pressure cooker with some salt 2 black
cardamom and one tea bag you can see
it's nice brown in color and also you
have to make sure that you cook it well
and take at least six to eight whistles
and we also need 2 medium sized finely
chopped onions I have chopped it in the
food processor finely chopped medium
sized tomatoes some cilantro or
coriander leaves 1 green chillies some
bay leaves I have 3 bay leaves and a
couple of cinnamon stick 3 to 4 TSP of
Punjabi chole masala 3 cloves of garlic
and ginger 1 teaspoon of cumin seeds
quarter teaspoon of turmeric powder a
pinch of hing always of acidy 1 teaspoon
of coriander powder 1 teaspoon of red
chilli powder salt as per your taste to
garnish with I need some kasoori methi
and you need oil to fry I'm going to
make a slight variation in this recipe
by making rain masada so for this I need
I have some coriander I am going to
blend coriander leaves 1 green chilli
ginger and 3 close
I am going to blend it in a mixer green
masala is ready so are this adding
little water into it just to make sure
that everything is blended well now I'm
going to add pink bay leaves and
cinnamon sticks cumin seeds
now chopped onion
Forte's nicely and fried onions onions
are cooked well so I can add two batters
now we have tomatoes nicely mix it I can
also add written salt at this time which
is salt can see the tomatoes are nicely
cooked so I can add now mix it one
and now it's time to add green masala
let this simmer for at least two to
three minutes so that the garlic and
ginger get cooked this looks ready so I
can add dry ingredients now I can add
chilli powder and coriander powder
Punjabi chole masala
nicely mix it once
just salt and chole masala as per your
taste and now I'm going to add little
water
I have retains water from that chickpeas
am going to use a tame water this little
water
and have removed that black cardamom
from that boiled chickpeas it just to
give flavor to the chickpeas
electric symbols I can add this boiled
chickpeas if you want more gravy you can
add some more water into this good
nicely mix it and allow it to simmer for
at least five to six minutes so that the
chickpeas absorbs the gravy I am going
to cover it
it's almost ready you can see if this
chickpeas got nicely mixed with this
gravy so at the end now I can add dried
fenugreek leaves or kasoori methi to Ali
masala is ready it goes well with butter
a pure roti or even with jeera rice I
hope you liked this recipe thank you for
watching
you